# Some Useful Sets
## Dichotomy Classification Hierarchy

- $\mathfrak{d}$ = a dichotomy.
- $\mathfrak{t}(\mathfrak{d})$ = set of binary traits that are generated by a dichotomy.
- $\mathfrak{D}$ = the dichotomy algebra or "wall space" generated by a set of 8 wall dichotomies. When combined with the 7 orbital dichotomies, form a dichotomy system.
	- Note: $\mathfrak{D}$ is used to denote the dichotomy system itself when context makes the distinction clear.
- $\mathcal{O}$ = the set of orbital dichotomies generated by the closure of 2-cocycle interaction of the wall dichotomies expressed in a dichotomy space $\mathfrak{D}$. 
- $\mathfrak{T}(\mathfrak{D})$ = set of all traits that are generated by a set of dichotomies $\mathfrak{D}$.
- $\mathcal{D}$ = set of all identified dichotomy systems. NB This may be sometimes referred to as the "Varlawend" spaces.

### Subscript Notation
### $\mathfrak{d}$
- A dichotomy $\mathfrak{d}$ is $\{\mathfrak{d}_{0}, \mathfrak{d}_{1}\}$ where $\mathfrak{d}_0$ and $\mathfrak{d}_1$ are compliments inside a boolean lattice.
- Since the boolean lattice of dichotomies is isomorphic to the vector space over $\mathbb{F}_{2}$, XOR addition naturally defines the group operation assigning 0 and 1 values to each dichotomy.
- For historical reasons, we will let ILE be the 0 vector.

### $\mathfrak{D}$
- $\mathfrak{D}_{i}$ is any dichotomy that is preserved within a dichotomy space $\mathfrak{D}$, such that $\mathfrak{D}_i$ is any $\mathfrak{d} \in \mathfrak{D}$.

### $\mathcal{D}$
- $\mathcal{D}_i$ refers to any of the 16 dichotomy systems that respect the symmetry of all orbital dichotomies.
- Its indexing is based on the order used by Varlawend, i.e. $\mathcal{D}_{14}$ denotes the Tencer-Minaev space of dichotomies and $\mathcal{D}_{15}$ denotes the Reinin space of dichotomies.

