# Some Useful Sets
## Dichotomy Classification Hierarchy

- $\mathfrak{d}$ = a dichotomy.
- $\mathfrak{t}(\mathfrak{d})$ = set of binary traits that are generated by a dichotomy.
- $\mathfrak{D}$ = the dichotomy algebra or "wall space" generated by a set of 8 wall dichotomies. When combined with the 7 orbital dichotomies, form a dichotomy system.
	- Note: $\mathfrak{D}$ is used to denote the dichotomy system itself when context makes the distinction clear.
- $\mathcal{O}$ = set of orbital dichotomies generated by the closure of 2-cocycle interaction of the wall dichotomies expressed in a dichotomy space $\mathfrak{D}$. 
- $\mathfrak{T}(\mathfrak{D})$ = set of all traits that are generated by a set of dichotomies $\mathfrak{D}$.
- $\mathcal{D}$ = set of all identified dichotomy systems. NB This may be sometimes referred to as the "Varlawend" spaces.

### Subscript Notation
### $\mathfrak{d}$

- A dichotomy $\mathfrak{d}$ is $\{\mathfrak{d}_{0}, \mathfrak{d}_{1}\}$ where $\mathfrak{d}_0$ and $\mathfrak{d}_1$ are compliments inside a boolean lattice.
- Since the boolean lattice of dichotomies is isomorphic to the vector space over $\mathbb{F}_{2}$, XOR addition naturally defines the group operation assigning 0 and 1 values to each dichotomy.
- For historical reasons, we will let ILE be the 0 vector.

### $\mathfrak{D}$

- $\mathfrak{D}_{i}$ is any dichotomy that is preserved within a dichotomy space $\mathfrak{D}$, such that $\mathfrak{D}_i$ is any $\mathfrak{d} \in \mathfrak{D}$.

### $\mathcal{D}$

- $\mathcal{D}_i$ refers to any of the 16 dichotomy systems that respect the symmetry of all orbital dichotomies.
- Its indexing is based on the order used by Varlawend, i.e. $\mathcal{D}_{14}$ denotes the Tencer-Minaev space of dichotomies and $\mathcal{D}_{15}$ denotes the Reinin space of dichotomies.

## Some Group Notations

- $\mathbb{S}$: There exists in Socionics the group that comprises all classical intertype relations (ITRs). This group's structure is isomorphic to $D_{8} \times C_{2}$ (the direct product of the dihedral group of order 8 and the cyclic group of order 2), which is nonabelian.
- $\mathfrak{D}$: This already has been defined. Its group structure is $E_{16}$ (elementary abelian group of order 16), which is also isomorphic to $C_2^4$.
	- Note: $\mathcal{D}_i$ is any of the 16 dichotomy systems, with $i \in \mathcal{D}$ specifying the dichotomy system.

### Elements of $\mathbb{S}$:

$e$ = identity
$d$ = dual
$a$ = activator
$m$ = mirror
$g$ = superego
$c$ = conflict
$q$ = quasi-identical
$x$ = extinguishment
$S$ = supervisor
$B$ = benefactor
$k$ = kindred
$h$ = semidual, or half-dual
$s$ = supervisee
$b$ = beneficiary
$l$ = business, or lookalike
$i$ = mirage, or illusory


# The Homomorphism

The action of the dichotomy system on the ITR group is given by a homomorphism $$\varphi : E_{16} \longrightarrow \text{Aut}(D_8 \times C_2).$$In the context of Socionic structure, we regard $E_{16}$ as the dichotomy algebra $\mathfrak{D}$, and $D_8 \times C_2$ as the ITR space $\mathbb{S}$. Hence, in this interpretative framework, the same homomorphism is expressed as $$\varphi : \mathfrak{D} \longrightarrow \text{Aut}(\mathbb{S}),$$representing how the dichotomy system acts on relational structures.


# $H^0$ (0th cohomology)

$H^0(\mathcal{D}_{i}, \mathbb{S})$ is the 0th cohomology group associated with the action of a dichotomy system $\mathcal{D}_{i}$ on the classical group of intertype relations $\mathbb{S}$. It is, by definition, the subgroup of all elements of $\mathbb{S}$ that are invariant under the action of $\mathcal{D}_{i}$ through the homomorphism $\varphi : \mathcal{D}_i \to \text{Aut}(\mathbb{S})$. This can be denoted as $I_{\mathcal{D}_{i}}$. Formally, this is denoted: $$I_{\mathcal{D}_i} := H^0(\mathcal{D_{i}, \mathbb{S}}) := \{r \in \mathbb{S} \ | \ \varphi(d)(r) = r, \ \forall d \in \mathcal{D}_{i}\}.$$
The cosets of $I_{\mathcal{D}_i}$ that are not in the subgroup itself: $$I_{}$$ 

$I_{\mathcal{D}_i}$ is an abelian subgroup of $\mathbb{S}$ and is isomorphic to $\mathbb{Z}_2^n$. We can therefore treat it as an $\mathbb{F}_2$-module in its own right.


## Universal Invariant Core

The universal invariant core of $\mathbb{S}$ preserved by all $\mathcal{D}_i$ is defined as: $$Z_{\text{univ}} := \langle e, g \rangle \cong \mathbb{Z}_{2}$$
This "identity-superego" pair is fixed by all $\mathfrak{D}$-modules. It's the part of $\mathbb{S}$ invariant under _every_ dichotomy action, such that: $$Z_{\text{univ}} = \bigcap_{i}H^0(\mathcal{D}_{i}, \mathbb{S})$$

## Reinin Space ($\mathcal{D}_{15}$)
### Generators Used: (E, N, T, P)
#### $I_{\mathcal{D}_{15}}$ (Democratic/Aristocratic)

$e = (0, 0, 0, 0)$
$d = (1, 1, 1, 0)$
$a = (0, 1, 1, 1)$
$m = (1, 0, 0, 1)$
$g = (0, 1, 1, 0)$
$c = (1. 1, 1, 1)$
$q = (0, 0, 0, 1)$
$x = (1, 0, 0, 0)$


#### Noninvariant Coset of $I_{\mathcal{D}_{{15}}}$
##### For Irrational Types

$S = (1, 0, 1, 1)$
$B = (0, 1, 0, 1)$
$k = (0, 0, 1, 0)$
$h = (1, 1, 0, 0)$
$s = (1, 1, 0, 1)$
$b = (0, 0, 1, 1)$
$l = (0, 1, 0, 0)$
$i = (1, 0, 1, 0)$

##### For Rational Types

$S = (1, 1, 0, 1)$
$B = (0, 0, 1, 1)$
$k = (0, 1, 0, 0)$
$h = (1, 0, 1, 0)$
$s = (1, 0, 1, 1)$
$b = (0, 1, 0, 1)$
$l = (0, 0, 1, 0)$
$i = (1, 1, 0, 0)$

